Release v0.22.2 (#364)
elixir-gettext/gettext: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## v0.22.2

> * Use `Code.ensure_compiled` instead of `Code.ensure_loaded` for Elixir < 1.12 compatibility.
> * Ensure all modules are properly loaded for `mix gettext.merge`.
> * Fix protected check in `Gettext.Extractor`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Use `Code.ensure_compiled/1` instead of `Code.ensure_loaded/1` for Elixir < 1.12 compatibility.
  * Ensure all modules are properly loaded for `mix gettext.merge`.
  * Fix a "protected" check when extracting translations.
```
